# IAScanningLabor
Our final project is a static html website hosted on GitHub: https://scanninglabor.github.io/IAScanningLabor/. To use the project, one can explore the sections of the website to gain a more cohesive understanding of Internet Archive’s labor practices over time. We have sections detailing our goals, methods and conclusions as well as interactive Kepler maps. We included a page of all of the names of each of the scan operators found in the metadata to signify their immense impact on the Internet Archive's collection. Last, we have our GitHub repository available for anyone to access. We hope people can use this project and our dataset to continue investigations into the labor behind digitization both specific to the Internet Archive and in the field of DH generally.  
Much of our final project was collective, with all of us helping to write and upload content to the website, manipulate the data and conduct oral histories. David wrote our “About” section detailing our goals as well as our “Discussion” section detailing our conclusions and led the oral history portion for which he designed the survey. Elizabeth created the Kepler maps for the website and did the bulk of the geocoding for those, and wrote about this process for the “Methods” section. Ellie wrote the investigations into the two scanning centers as well as the oral history section of the “Methods” page. Lucian downloaded the initial metadata, processed and cleaned the data for visualization, created the “Scanners” page, created the non-map presentation graphics, and led the creation of the website. 
